

A sound of running feet, a shrill whistle, was what Sir Thomas
Annesley dreamed of where he lay on the greasy cobblestones after his
somersault; and then a strong hand on his collar that was real, and
jerked him into consciousness. A policeman was bending over him, and
had Jacobs by his chain.

“Hi, sir!” he cried, “do you know your dog’s nearly killed a man?”

Tommy stared at him, and saw no one but the policeman, the quivering
Jacobs. After everything had the man got away?

“You’ve let him go!” he exclaimed, and between his fall and anger
turned sick. “Why didn’t you come before? I never saw one policeman all
the way here.”

It is said that every man has his price; it is certain he has his
weakness. The policeman’s happened to be bull-terriers. A flying
glimpse of this one and his master tearing along streets where a
well-dressed boy seldom came and a well-bred dog only too often, had
sent him after them, though he had not seen they were following any
one. In Bethnal Court he came on them. The dog standing over a man who
lay on his face, the boy a crumpled heap on the stones.

Policeman Garrety, being a dog-fancier first and an officer afterward,
took the chain that trailed behind Jacobs.

The dog never even growled, but came quietly to him as he was ordered.

“That’s queer,” the man said to himself. “There ain’t no ‘vicious-dog’
business here. That young sprig must have set him on!” He roused Sir
Thomas with a less gentle hand than he had laid on Mr. Jacobs. And the
boy’s first words were angrily, unconsciously authoritative.

“Why on earth couldn’t you keep him? Here’s everything wasted,” he
cried. “Go and look for him, quick.”

The man laughed.

“I haven’t far to go,” he said. “You’re a bit knocked out still.
There’s the man,” with a backward jerk of his head. “But what brought
you and your dog down here? It wasn’t accident, for I saw you coming
here. Don’t you know you haven’t no right to come to such places? If
you hadn’t had that dog, and I hadn’t noticed you, you’d not likely
have come out alive. Did French Pete set on you, or what?”

“Did what?” said Tommy. He had turned long ago and seen a dark figure
lying on the stones just as it had fallen. He staggered over to it,
dizzy and sick.

“He isn’t dead, is he?” he said sharply, not taking in a word of what
the policeman was saying. “I don’t want him to die; I want him alive.”

The policeman looked at the man on the stones. Six feet in his
stockings, girthed like a pony, and this slim-legged kid was coolly
remarking that he “wanted him alive.”

“He’s that, right enough,” he observed. “It’s French Pete, and he’s
only knocked out. You’d better tell me what it all means, sir! I’ve
whistled for another man, and the ambulance to take him away,”
significantly. For if he owned a valuable bull-terrier he would not run
the risk of having him destroyed as dangerous on account of carrion
like the man on the ground.

“It’s who?” said Tommy.

“French Pete!” sharply. If the boy was fool enough to stay, it was his
own fault if he lost the dog. Mr. Garrety, for all his uniform, pined
to lay hands on him himself.

“Let me see his face,” cried Tommy thickly, and as the man turned the
unconscious head in the light of a pocket lantern, Sir Thomas gurgled
unintelligibly in his throat.

It was the man he had seen in the wood, the man he had followed from
Mrs. Murray’s--and ever since the policeman had called him by a strange
name he had been mad with fear that Jacobs had pinned some other man.
But this was he. Looked at closely, he was dark-haired, square-chinned,
and blue with constant shaving; oddly like a gentleman in the pallor of
his faint.

The policeman, on his knees, went through French Pete’s pockets with
accustomed fingers.

“Look!” he said, and held up something. “That’s the sort of man he is!
Now, what in the world had you to do with him?”

The boy stared, snatched at the dusky object that lay in an immaculate
handkerchief, held it to the face on Policeman Garrety’s arm.

“It’s him!” he screamed.

For the mystery lay before him of who had worn Adrian Gordon’s clothes.

He turned wildly on the astounded policeman.

“Go up-stairs,” he cried; “up to the very top. He left a parcel up
there; that’s why I followed him. It’s a----” but he stopped. It was
only guesswork about that parcel. But something else came to him--the
intuition of why this man had come here at all.

“I think you’ll find more up there than a parcel,” he said quite
quietly, and he poured out the whole story that had been irrelevant
scraps an hour ago, and now dovetailed into a neat whole. All except
what was in the parcel, for in his hurry he forgot it. But he said
enough to send Garrety up-stairs on the run.

“You stay here,” the man said as he went. “Here’s my whistle. You blow
it if he stirs. But he won’t; he landed on his head,” and he was gone
as Tommy caught the whistle.

The house was empty now, but in another hour the inmates would be
strolling back, and one policeman in Bethnal Court would be extremely
likely to get his head broken.

Tommy sat in a cold sweat on the greasy stones. His head was swimming,
and it seemed to him as if the prostrate man before him was moving. He
got up, staggered, tried to blow the whistle, and fell in a dead faint.
His triumph was slipping through his fingers.

A woman sauntered into the yard and nearly walked over him. Jacobs
growled, and then yelled. With wild barks and whines he danced round
her, slobbered over her dirty hands, and she screamed. The next instant
she had the dog round the neck, dragged him to the gaslight at the
entrance of the court, and after one look fell to hugging him.

“Jack! it’s Jack!” she cried. “My Jack, that I’ve never seen since
that devil half-killed him and left him on the road. Oh, my dog, my
dog!” and the tears that had long since dried up in her miserable eyes
streamed down now.

Long ago, when Moll Price had been “Pretty Molly” in her village, she
had been given a bull-terrier puppy. When she ran away with a man who
said he was a gentleman, and turned out to be a devil, she had taken
the dog. And the man she loved had beaten her and her dog; had dragged
them over half of England, living by their wits, poor, driven to tramp
the roads, till one day he had struck her once too often, and the
half-grown terrier bit him. Many and many a time in her dreams had Moll
Price seen the brutal kick that broke the dog’s ribs, the blow on the
head that stunned him; many a time felt the strong hand that hurried
her away, powerless, leaving her only friend dead on a country road.

She had been half-drunk when she entered the yard; she was sober as she
remembered she had stumbled over a man; a fierce hope rose in her as he
ran back to the place.

After three years of freedom her master had found her out, had come to
her with a heavy hand and a story she knew was a lie. Could that be he
that lay upon the stones, and had Jack had his revenge at last? For she
knew the blood the dog had shed, blood that never forgot or forgave.

She fumbled in her pocket, found a match, lit it.

“It’s him!” she cried, with fierce rejoicing, “and I hope he’s dead.”

She looked at the senseless boy beside him in his gentleman’s clothes,
at the dog that ran from her to him and licked his face.

“There’s been queer work here!” she thought soberly, for French Pete’s
torn clothes told their tale. “But they sha’n’t find out and kill Jack.
They’re cruel hard on dogs in London, and he wasn’t muzzled. They’d
take him for that alone.”

She was a strong woman; she lifted the boy easily enough, called the
dog in a whisper, and went into the house. But not far. A footstep, too
well-shod to belong to any of the inmates, caught her ears. She laid
the boy flat under the stairs, crawled in beside him with the dog in
her arms. After what seemed an hour, the heavy footsteps clumped down
over her head and went out. Even then she dared not move. It would take
all she knew to get this boy up to her room without having to be quick.

Outside in the court Policeman Garrety stood dumfounded. Boy and dog
had vanished, but that he had half-expected, and whatever he had found
up-stairs it was not what he had been told was there. But French Pete,
who had lain like a log, was gone, too.

He stumped away beside the useless ambulance, and was only sure he had
not dreamed the whole thing because of a parcel he held under his arm.